[18.0][MIG] stock_picking_back2draft: Migration to 18.0 (#1805)
OCA/stock-logistics-workflow: stock_picking_back2draft/readme/USAGE.md

> Just open a cancelled picking and click on 'back to draft' button

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Just open a canceled transfer and click on the 'back to draft' button
```

Author: @jbaudoux , Thanks for the suggestions! Please review.

Reviewer: @HeliconiaSolutions Thanks for the improvement. It's better to put the improvement in a separate commit and keep only pure migration changes in the migration commit

Author: @jbaudoux , yes! Please review.It's Fixed.
